The Joe Rogan experience.
Was Amanda, Nuez your, your most difficult fights?
Uh, I never was considered like, um,
difficulty of the fight only for the fight for
this fight for on soles. Uh, for me,
difficulty of the fight it's combination of training camp,
your approach to the fight fight week and the fight
itself. So, uh, I still cannot like,
um, answer this question. I think it's the hardest question.
And uh, every time people ask me, like, what is your hardest fight?
Hardest disappointed. And I just cannot answer because it's so different.
Each fight. It's a different approach, different training camp.
Everyone's difficult, difficult. There's their like own style.
Mm-hmm, <affirmative> something like that. Uh, this hard to say.
Hard. What is difficult about Amanda's style?
Your size is <laugh> size. It's not her style. It's not her style. It's just,
she's big and heavy.
Yeah. And power.
Uh, everyone has power. Everyone has power. One.
If you're speaking about 1 35 weight class,
every everyone has like a lot of power, but, uh, Amanda,
I think she's just like big than anyone bigger.
You think she's bigger than the rest of the division?
Well, she's both weight, uh, which is her boy and weight 1 60, 1 70. I DT know.
Is it really that big?
I don't know. Well, she does fight at 1 45 and she looks the at 1 45.
She does it 1 35 and obviously at 1 45, she's able to knock out cyborg.
Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like, you know, what's about in the accounts. Um,
everyone has like chances to knock out each other.
So it's just like, it's, it's 50, 50. It's the situation. If <affirmative>,
for example, you have interchange,
the chances are more for each one, right. But you have to smart to have,
you have to fight very smart. You know, that, uh,
small glove is like more possibility to be knocked out mm-hmm <affirmative> or
you make the knock knock out. So if, um, it's kind of like,
are you, or you gonna hit or they gonna hit you? So it's kind of like,
this is what I saw in their fights.
So it was interchange and this interchange who's on that moment were more
like.
If you had a long time out, like if the UFC said, uh,
here we are it's uh, we are in October.
If they said Valentina, August next year,
we would like you to fight Amanda. Nuez that's gonna be this big, super fight.
Would you try to gain weight? Would you lift weights?
Would you do anything differently or would you just concentrate on technique and
strategy and maintain the same weight you're at now?
We are October and August. Yeah. Do you know anything?
They can approach me with.
This I'm I'm I'm gonna try <laugh>.
So I think when I look at the two of you, it's the most compelling fight in,
in the UFC, in, in the women's MMA.
I believe that's the most compelling fight is cuz you're both at the top of your
game and you there's an argument for both of you to be the greatest of all time.
I'm not gonna, um, do anything special to lift up my weight. You.
Wouldn't start working out lift weights.
No, no, no, no, because, um, I believe it's gonna help.
I believe it's gonna be worse for the fighter because if
in your whole life you was like, um, certain body type,
you know how to carry like certain muscles amount of muscles mm-hmm
<affirmative> and then suddenly for last two,
three months you start to carry are way more. So what's gonna happen.
You're gonna be slower. You not gonna have same, uh,
resistance for the whole fight because you have to care more.
<laugh> mm-hmm <affirmative> wait on top of you. So I will do the same.
I just want to do the last, like last day, wait,
cut for what I do for I'm gonna lose.
I'm not gonna lose this six pound. What is like, um,
that's what you do for 1 30, 1 25.
And I just will eat normally as I do and train the same ways
as I do.
It's interesting to see different people's approaches, right? Like, uh,
when Israel outta Sanya in up to challenge Janovic for the 205 pound
title,
he did the same thing that you're saying mm-hmm <affirmative> he didn't gain any
weight.
He just mm-hmm <affirmative> just concentrated on his technique and training.
But there was moments in that fight where the size of ya BEOV, which was,
it was evident when in the grappling exchanges,
when he was able to control him on the ground.
<affirmative> do you think that there's any benefit? I mean,
this is why I'm saying, if you have a long time,
I'm not saying if you just have a, a normal eight week camp,
I'm saying if they give you eight months,
nine months and they let you know in advance,
you still don't think you'd ever try to gain any weight.
I don't think it's, uh, it's still gonna help because, uh,
some and naturally bigger,
every time they'll have this advantage being bigger,
no matter how more weight you're gonna put on top,
you are still the same just with extra weight on you.
<Laugh> well, that's why I'm interested in John Jones and John Jones.
When he is trying to move up to the heavyweight division,
he's gained a lot of weight and he wants to be over the
265 pound limit and then cut back down to 2 65.
So I believe he's walking around somewhere in the two sixties. Now.
I think we will know the answer only when he will fight in this weight class.
And we will know exactly how it's gonna affect him.
Will it be good for him or bad for him? So we don't know, as I say,
every person is different and I know how my budget works. I know,
uh, what is good for me? What is bad for me, Israel?
He knows exactly the same about his body type John Jones. He knows, uh,
exactly about himself. So this is, uh, everyone's approach.
And I think everyone should do what they think is gonna help them
to win.
So for you from going down from 1 35 to 1 25
was the right move. You felt like much better at 1 25.
It's my natural weight. Plus it's like, uh, it's like what? I was competing all.
The time. Have you ever thought of going lower.
One 15? Yeah. And, uh, die from the hunger. <laugh>.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.